since the sleepers sharing a tent when
you got one - I got one tent between are
they yeah but why didn't it set to
attend it's not that big so they're
fighting
it was cold outside he said come in
return
we think I'm still none the wiser as to
why they do that oh okay I think if you
have sex with another bloke you're
generally considered if you're willing
to pop your um John Thomas up John aw
Thomas yeah I think you could be
considered as a rule of thumb um what I
mean is if they're names they're going
across the western whatever that is cold
right
the West on the offices they say come on
come on it's cold don't be sleeping out
there by that rock get in the tent
you're getting a 10 still no mention of
gayness then one of them does that okay
well I don't know planned is what I'm
saying now do you know what your job is
your job there's a man and a woman it's
like well we know what we've got to do
way but we then there's different
options so how did they know what the
job whose job was what are you saying
how did they know it was on top so to
speak yeah cause it all happened pretty
I thank you five for it I think it's
first dipped in it like bunks right bunk
beds in it I don't know the rules I
think I know the rules are I don't know
what the rules are but well then what
happens then still you after that no
because of the difficulties and
constraints at the time which they live
they they have to live a life so they
both get married two wives but they're
they maintain their love affair across
the years of age don't the wives get
suspicious when they keep saying we're
going camping again this week well
you're very right they do but you
wouldn't suspect a cowboy with Jeff
except the one in Village People
yeah he's the only easier I thought he
was the only Cowboys there's a little
bit
yeah yeah kiss around with a Native
American who's normally the antithesis
of the cable with a car in the Indian
they hate each other
yeah you know so are you gonna watch the
rest of the film oh is it what your
appetite does it could the film still
happen even if they weren't gay is it
just a cowboy film but that's a bit of
filler let's just have another 100
does anyone want to say again you sure
you watch again listen if you know
what's it again watch it again ya know
just what you wanna watch it watch it
again watch it again don't be afraid to
watch it
you